Expandable card (#35)
dolittle-interaction/JavaScript.Components.Aurelia: Documentation/controls/ExpandableCard/_index.md

---
title: Expandable card
description: Describes how to use the Expandable card
keywords: expandable, card, acrylic
---

Expandable card is a component you can use if you want an acrylic card to present a small ammount of content initially, but can be clicked and then present much more information.
every pixel of the control is clickable.

![animated expandable card](./expandable_card.gif)

## Anatomy

The control consists of the following sections: **banner** and **content**.

### Banner

> The banner is intended to be used for the content that is always visible. It renders as a `<div>` with the class `expandable-card-banner` within a `<header>`, so you are free to us whatever HTML tags you decire inside the `<banner>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The banner is intended to be used for the content that is always visible. It renders as a `<div>` with the class `expandable-card-banner` within a `<header>`, so you are free to use whatever HTML tags you desire inside the `<banner>` tag.
```

### Content

> The content part where you put your hidden content. When you click the card, this dontent will be animated to be visible. It renders as a `<div>` with the class `expandable-card-content`, so you are free to us whatever HTML tags you decire inside the `<content>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content part where you put your hidden content. When you click the card, this content will be animated to be visible. It renders as a `<div>` with the class `expandable-card-content`, so you are free to use whatever HTML tags you desire inside the `<content>` tag.
```
